Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, this is the second telecast, bringing you the
news from Washington, which I'm very honored to present.
And on this occasion, I would be very happy to have with us the distinguished member of
Congress of Tennessee from the fourth congressional district, the honorable Joe Evans.
Joe, it was that beginning as a term as a member of the House of Representatives.
He is a member of the Appropriations Committee.
And I wanted to tell all of you people of Tennessee, not only of you, a post district,
Joe, but everyone that you are, very hardworking, effective, member of the House of Representatives.
And we certainly are glad to have you here.
And you know, you're in the middle of the conversation.
I came up here in 1933 and March, before the passage of the Elaine Document to the
inauguration of President Roosevelt.
And of course, we're all here doing this kind of inauguration.
I haven't talked to you people since then.
You know, there was snow and slash in the coal whims, most of us called bad coal.
But I don't think there has been as much enthusiasm or as large a crowd, instead of the
weather in town as there was for Mr. Kennedy's inauguration.
The answer was a great, non-porn, with people's model of the country.
And we were certainly privileged to have a great number of our fans from Tennessee, with
a truly great inauguration, a great occasion, and we lived through the snow.
And we had bad energy to do the birds.
And too much.